cricket you are welcome welcome Gavin
ewn welcome this is jay to DK on the
left side on my right side are the j2 DK
members i'm jay to DK bumble and i
welcome you to our channel around me are
playing some of our old videos if you
want to support this by some coins or
games through the links in description
and guys enjoy the following video and
west of guys my name is J to the katana
and welcome 30 now today i'm going to
show you 11 players that thing should be
getting a legend card in fifa 16 now
those players are legends earth did at
their nation or their club now so let's
get started with this video now first
player to think she be gettin legend
card is going to be other cam now can is
a legend at barn unique and add germany
now i think should he should be getting
a 92 rated legend card because i really
think he's the best goalkeeper in
football history now our next legend is
going to be nesta from AC Milan now he's
a a similar legend and Italy legend now
I think he's going to have a 89 rated
and I think he's going to like have like
scented base Eddie to base and really
high defense and really high physical
now next day is going to be yup stamp
for from netherlands and much three
united now i would give him a 90 rated
overall I mean I'd rated card nitey
rating with something like 70 to 74 pace
and really really high defense and
physical probably a 90 plus defense an
88 + physical maybe one more now our
third players our fourth player is going
to be careful from Brazil and AC Milan
he's a legend from a AC Milan and Roma
and he would have
88 rating maybe even more about this is
writing I think he should be getting and
so 89 + space this is breathing decent
defense and physical shooting probably
around 70 and passing calls around 70
now our next play is going to be seen a
teensy done now he's the one of the best
players in football history naughty free
rating for him pace around 80s and
something like that driving really high
probably like 88 290 shooting also 88
290 passing 85 to 90 physical around 82
83 so know that and difference up to 70
now next player is going to be Zico from
Brazil a pace around 88 290 dribbling
90-plus shooting 86 plus passing around
80 physical lower than 60 something it
may be like 60 for something like I know
defense piccolo I mean his Center tacky
Miller our next play is good to be dead
Beckham now his face would be around 75
s 2 77 he's really would be really high
like 88 sampler dead he's different
around 70 he's shooting maybe even more
than 86 like 87 88 center that he's
passing 90 plus his physical something
like 75 now he would have a awesome free
kicks I really think he will have like
19 I'll free kicks 99 should Power and
Light en color now Lester is going to be
the net team now he'll kill a really
nice or on good stats not the best at
four right meet you Harry la pase but he
will have a nice defense and physical
our next play is going to be Diego
Armando Maradona now I would give him
the same waiting that spell it because I
really don't think he's he was a lot
better than pellet or a lot worse
temporal belly so he would have the same
rating now natural rating with a night
plus pace not pass dribbling 88 shooting
passing up to 80 and physical like 81 82
honestly pair is going to be a cliff
from netherlands 92 rating for him 8680
son pace 90-92 driveling 90 shooting 82
for a TI 84 passing and that's the best
that's cute help and our final prayer is
going to be yeah hola Diego I Ronaldo to
Brazil em on the baseboard Brazilian
striker for me of course they spell it
but Ronald was also really good now not
in free rating maybe he would have like
94 rating 90-plus paste naughty plus
drilling and natural shooting 80-82 plus
passing 81 plus physical and he would be
so expensive in ultimate team now those
are all the players I think should be
getting a legend in FIFA 16 I hope
you're going to like this video and I
hope you're going to like the choice of
decisions I made and yeah subscribe for
more faithful fitting content and bye
bye guys